Add nn for conversion of enhanced for loop to foreach (#578)
eclipse-platform/www.eclipse.org-eclipse: news/4.41/jdt.md

This makes it easier to inspect implementations, compare code, and work with multiple locations in parallel without losing your current position.

### Enhanced For-loop to ForEach Quick Assist

<details>
<summary>Contributors</summary>

[Ivan Gualandri](https://github.com/inuyasha82)
[Carsten Hammer](https://github.com/carstenartur)
</details>

> With this new quick assist, on a enhanced for-loop like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this new quick assist, on an enhanced for-loop like the following:
```

```java
for (String adj : list) {
    System.out.println(adj);
}
```

> if the list item is an Iterable object a new option is added: `Convert Enhanced for loop to forEach`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if the list item is an `Iterable` object, a new option is available: `Convert Enhanced 'for' loop to 'forEach'`. 
```

The text of the option should look exactly like it does in the IDE, where I think there are `'` characters that are missing.

> This let the user to convert the loop above, with a `forEach` statement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This converts the loop above, with a `forEach` statement:
```

```java
list.forEach(adj -> {
    System.out.println(adj);
});
```

> Below an animation of the new quick assist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an animation of the new quick assist:
```
